feat(core): ssm policy helper (#266)
aws/aws-rfdk: examples/deadline/All-In-AWS-Infrastructure-Basic/python/README.md

    popd
    pip install ../../../../dist/python/aws-rfdk-<version>.tar.gz
    ```

> 4.  Change the value in the `deadline_client_linux_ami_map` variable in `package/config.py` to include the region + AMI ID mapping of your EC2 AMI(s) with Deadline Worker. You can use the follow AWS CLI query to find AMI ID's:

Reviewer: Nit: should it be 
```suggestion
You can use the following AWS CLI query to find AMI ID's:
```
I might be wrong :) No need to fix it.

Author: You are correct. I've fixed it.

>     ```bash

Reviewer 2: Nice addition!
